Hey everyone I'm havin Tracy and welcome to another round of heaven
and
J.C. and I love that if
you take it like we did the ladies.
All
right you see what we got today. Oh my gosh I am so excited to have
like someone who I hope will quit her actual job just about in my life coach Yes absolutely
they would me from my seat because I needed it so so that our friend
and coworker if they can reach Israel is he or she is the head. Editor
of fuzzy news apps and to them Are you going to be here in Ireland.
Yet she will think your entire life
hopefully
we've been trying to figure out ways that we can like interview each other on the air and just kind of like
have random conversations about very random things not that that's not what we do anyway right.
So we came across a game called personality.
It's essentially just like a game. Full of questions that you ask friends whoever
you're playing
with so the way this game works. Each card has a multiple choice question on it
and whoever they read the question.
And they read all the answers and their opponent has to guess how the reader
would
answer. Yeah. So this is all about how well do I know Tracy unravel the stories you know me write. I feel like
the premise of this game is
great
question where did you know I wrote
it because they're like. If you could travel back in time.
Tell me that question that I want to be well for some time now right back.
If you could go back in sand where would you go. Yeah and then where maybe maybe a
month
ago my little black comedian has a joke about that yet and I mean how
could they have not heard. Anyway. Like it was written by like the worst guy in H.R. like Toby from the
office get to know each other good do like the idea that.
Yeah I love getting to know you can you can rule. All
right first question oh my gosh I'm nervous. This doesn't go well for me to badly you ask me questions
on air. I mean. OK I lose my knowledge of
the losing the way to lose everything that I lose.
OK if I could be completely free of one of the following emotions which would I choose
and why a impatience be anxiety
see jealousy deep insecurity the intolerance.
Of the like you kind of enjoy the and intolerance. I'm joking Wow You
know I mean I don't tolerate a lot so you know I am.
I don't
know if I like the obvious answer things I do you know being naming being right you know me
well you know me
well you got him. All right.
Which of the following a scandal of what I like to get the inside scoop on life and why.
Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky's relationship. O.J. Simpson's trial.
Rupert Murdoch news groups. Wiretapping of celebrities.
Or Bernie Madoff's downfall. OK. Definitely
not going to but.
Oh gee a harmonic couple weeks key.
There's definitely some insight off of the last in both of those stories. I'm going to go with Lewinsky.
It was the
O.J. Yes because here's my thinking about Jay
I do not think that he physically committed the crime I got
that I did he had somebody do it for
him. Let's now watch and I don't know you well I got to have did it was I think the
way. Oh my god the glove didn't fit though did the glove.
I am learning a lot
about you know the saying
I have a fact because you know I'll and like to cry now you are. Lassalle the best
documentary about this guy who was probably I think he was probably a serial killer.
He's the guy who did it. O.J. the involved. He had this guy do it that's what I think anyway.
OK Wow I'm trying to learn a
lot
today. All right next
question I have the power to rid the world of one of the following which what I choose and
why parking meters pimples
flies fad diets or
glitter just once on the like the thing that you can get rid of in the
world glitter
and parking meters and temples. I feel like I'm pretty strong inside. I'm gonna say
last night why were necessary part of our ecosystem
they're annoying. True but like I want to get rid of them the right answers
fad diets bad diets are
so trash they are trash and like just the way we think about our bodies is trash and
my mother all burn it down for a little while my mom and brother were doing the cabbage soup diet
what what is that it is it's bad it's where you eat cabbage soup like
Aldous like in time and like there are certain days where you can have like certain fruits or like certain whatever isn't one day you
can have like a steak. Listen. So I was like very very against anybody doing with
that rabbit I'm like you know what I'm your daughter a
levy let me do this with you and she was like Will. I attempted.
The first day. As such attitude such as who probably
has that we hungry Yeah. You already
know cabbage makes you gassy
it's all right so when
day when they are a member when it was my last day on this diet when they would
baked potato day you would have a big ass baked potato in addition to like your yeah but
I mean we got like really really big baking potatoes
and have I'M time at like this the butter and like the salt and like
the pepper it felt like a full steak dinner just me and this potato.
I ate every inch
of this. Say it out me even this even in that the in that month. My mother
was like you know what we're done with the least I can not take you no way to look
over then it's not me she didn't do it because she wouldn't have a son I got on her nerves so much. Oh so hungry.
She's like I'm not doing it with you anymore. I recently learned you thing
is where you try to live off
just you know I thought they were like you
know cleansing and then like other stuff so they don't need anything it is just you.
You literally cannot do that like this is not how the human body
works at last I'm OK. Which of the following trips. What I found
the most challenging and why a stay in a nudist camp bus
trip across India a camel ride across the desert in Oregon as holiday on
a cruise ship or camping with nothing but a backpack in the woods
definitely camping Absolutely. Shit why. Why would you who do the wall
entirely like when you pretend to be home. There is a building that we can go inside
of like why would I live in a first world country not use air
conditioning what I'm
havin a shitty week trying to sleep on an air mattress that has a leak in it I cannot imagine sleeping on
the right way
but you know I know you well
geez trees I feel like I got to know you a little better. You know that
already series and
also
an update on who wants to date a trace the late that were
really renamed as of two seconds ago. So
we're still getting some some intrigue. What is a place without me trying
to be absent missing that one from a twenty four year
old girl
though I was
rather. Going to pass on that when like I'm old enough to
have changed his.
Diapered on he was that's not how you should approach the people what we don't talk
about
but you talk to me every day you are in secret thirty two year old you know this
is true see. But there are some of us out there but I'm saying you know
I guess I have no confirmation that this one is one of you but yeah
it's still going we're slowly collecting in trees and there's one and then I was kind of like
Blue oh
OK maybe try to keep them as local as possible. We're not flying anybody up
here or out of fear or anything if you or someone that you know you think they
would be a good fit for me. Can't believe we're doing
this then them a picture in a short blurb explaining why we should
be together
badly. For I was dating
game in my life and those I lie. I got three
more years I don't not happen
and it's not that serious and it really it really
is since you left and another around at the speed that I'm
a
few weeks ago we asked for your call and responses to the question What are some of
the wildest microaggression experience in the workplace in Iran the
many there are so many. They're like you know they made me laugh but also really
say hello or says I like Oh. I thought oh my God I'm
not going to say that they disagree.
They may be hilarious that no I don't want a little bad but it's like the thing where you like the
laugh in the Gazette at them like you know I mean yeah that's a layer that.
OK so here are just a few of some of the call and
responses.
So
this story kind of has multiple layers of what the fuck the funniest migration
that's happened to me at work I'm at the copier and. Or a white male coworker walks
up to me and begins sounding off all of these tasks that I am to finish before in the
day during that moment when I'm looking at
him. But I realize that he things on the black.
So I finish what I'm doing and I walk away while he's still talking so that he realizes that
I don't work at the
end just to give you a background story. I'm
originally from
Ethiopia what couple coworkers and I are talking about one of
our colleagues about to have a baby she turns around to
me and goes I made so much breast
milk all the people in your country who the hell
am I going to go to when the person but it to me is our H.R.
director.
But then again I'm like a level pretty sort
of the things that aren't
running down here in this particular area is
that why people want
to make these jokes. I
mean they don't make
corny like
this go in on the
negative and I want
to but I'm a lot of
them when I was in
college delivery. And a
transaction tell them the price they put them on you might
argue and they change back in transaction
people when I got there and I told them the price they want to give me the money.
They don't have a piece of good they want to put their child. On top
of pizza box and which sometimes slipped off the floor because
of working in investment banking a
large bank that's headquartered in the south will just leave it at that. So I'm in a meeting
and someone is giving a presentation and they're in their presentation and they were saying
oh this this thing happened before the war and then they
say the War of Northern Aggression
that. And then everyone else in the meeting
just cracked up and I'm just like using the
context clues smart enough to
gather that this is a room full of people who
are I'm not a slave and everyone is laughing
and no one sees why this would be offensive to
me and I'm also you know everything
from oh you look so pretty and. You speak English really
well this past week I just got to where you were originally from which
is like I mean I was born in this country but I'm from
Seattle for some reason my ethnicity came up at work one day unexplained.
I was half Chinese. My whiter than a ghost colleague was so
unbelievably confused because I guess she'd been reading me as
white kept saying things like no you're not that's not true and then she
said but I have lots of Asian friends and you don't look anything like that and
I literally had to explain to her
like I'm in the airport and normally I wear my hair in
twits or and on this particular day I always wear my hair in or for
another supervisor outside of our office he
was towards me and says Hey let's fix this mess and put his hand in my
hair and I had to sit there stone faced because you are right because if
it had been under any other circumstances he was our custom fuck
out of the grave matter recently came out. Repeat.
In the airwaves. I was wearing my hair really short.
So this woman comes into my cubicle area.
She's commenting on my hair and how she likes it and then she goes on
to say you like my little peek. I looks nothing
like Whoopi just was amazing and brilliant and beautiful.
I throw out in the same thing but we look nothing alike like it didn't make any
sense without a quarter out on peepers radio people
are
crazy table when somebody asks me
hey are you going to bring to the public and then some bank he
decides she wants to enter Jack's answer for
me to like Oh. She can bring some fried chicken instances
or some syrup. Excuse
me this year I didn't go to that for
more than freaking proving which owing Ababil to a thing or
they say they don't work for speciated not to go. Boss
comes in he asked everyone I mean a loon to me only in the room with
blacks how you know you today normal
day comes to me. Good I am strong and he eight years
old not a little boy we can go out there and get some candy
I look around I pause as he tossed
to me he's looking straight at me I don't I don't understand what do I have to
go out and catch Candy I'm a grown ass man I don't think I need to go out and catch came in
a
child and why do I have to go I think it's Cammy of him OK great because I'm black.
I guess that to them later. OK yeah if you know where my soul
every time I look at him that's my
microaggression Yeah we're praying for you
I can't even go to work without being in.
Against Racism you know these are places from the way I go to learn about being
hey Christ
treats us like this again. So thank you all so
much for responding to that question. Our next question for like the month or whenever
we decide to put it out is as you know Northwest is going to be a
big sister. If we have any baby listeners out there this one's for
you shout out to all the kids. We probably should we listen to yeah
I know. But we want to know. Do you have any advice for Northwest about being an
older sibling in these tips that come from the children in your life. Yes Now your kids I
mean I was occasions are you are under ten.
Yet I don't want any adult opinions. A reminder I call a number is five to
zero two rounds that's five to zero to seven six eight six three
seven or you can e-mail us of voice memo or some sort of voice
recording to another round of Buzz Feed dot com and with the most typically found that
or sound quality wise we prefer those but if you can't do that show. This
is a
precursor to see the segment I'm dying to do which is baby talk
show talk show.
Saying and now be embedded these
day. I would love that.
We
are unbelievably excited to have Stacy Marie Ishmael on the podcast. Every time I see
her name I want to pronounce it the Ethiopian way
smile on
my stationery is the head of the news apps multiple
apps launching your own hard busy working but if you guys want to check out
the news app go to buzzy dot com slash news app and all that's their damn right will tell you everything
you need to know about the world right now. Yes All right so stationary What do you do and why.
Would I do.
My responsibility at Buzz Feed is to make sure that we are. Doing
news on mobile in the best possible way for audiences whatever devices are on whatever platforms
are on whatever country they're
in why do I do it I like
challenges and I've never said my mobile is
a hard I love news man I like OK I
don't necessarily like waiting over four o'clock in the morning. I know things
but it's really fun and I get to work with fantastic people. I mean I think this
is a really interesting position because you have to do both like the product dev
side and the like editorial news side. I mean the good news is I don't have to
code because obviously I mean everyone but you're
right that's a
lot to oversee and like to feel that like a lot of people spend their life time specializing right.
I don't understand why everyone in my
profile you write the actually who has that kind of
time it's super fun to be in a position where half the time you have no idea what you're
doing the other half the time you kind of think you know what you're doing we're not exactly sure what it is up to try and
see what happens. That's my night so you know I
mean it's a super
fun. So let's backtrack a little since not enough people are profiling
when you're relying on your I'm going to take that on like babies
the same way like where not everybody everybody is
listening to your actions like you're like why do you feel like you're Welsh. OK so I'm
not sure the story.
I grew up in Trinidad so turned on to go the country but turned on the island and
I lived on till I was like seventeen and then I was like I need to get
really small. And I want to see other things the world so I decided like what is the
for this place that I could possibly go like let's move to France.
Let me show you the and seventeen ages of the in France my mother was not impressed with me but
also
surprised. In theory I went for
school I was studying like
linguistics and really really grim psychology like if you've never read. I'm.
So you don't read this but there was there was a book a moment like my third day in the country and it was like OK now
we're going to talk about the theory of suicide of
like my good luck.
I mean that's not going to sing like that I would like but I don't know if I would if my dude named Eric
I'm you know that's my jihadi and
there's like that accomplish two things mayors like I
don't want to live in
France and I probably don't want to study psychology instead moved to
London at the time I'm like you know what I'm really interested
and feel like in
retrospect who sees a nod somebody should
be talking on the shoulder but I know what was it like being black in all those
different places. Well I didn't know I was black. So I
moved out of trying to you know yeah like coming from a rock pop you know I mean I
in the Caribbean
I'm what would be called red in the island of mixed ancestry. I
like to say I'm of ethnically ambiguous origin and then I moved to London there like so
you should join the black and minority ethnic society I'm like
wow yeah sure you know I remember that
I called a ruckus. I call it right. It's a thing I love the
show so I go you know I'm an undergrad
and there's the African Caribbean society like this is cool but in the
year that I was getting into undergrad there were a couple of other students in the Caribbean one of
whom you would think was Chinese like one of whom you would think was Indian one of you think was
like Syrian Yeah because that's what the Caribbean is Iraq up at the back for can criticize anything in
half the rooms
like Suma here. It's not awkward at
all and so we decided
that we were going to create the Caribbean vibes a society like a splinter group.
You still vibe with with the right we
have there may have you know a palm tree in the logo it was
like you know like I called it and it was terrible and really it's by.
But it was really interesting because the first time I ran smack into being assigned an
identity that I hadn't given to myself it was particularly
interesting for you know because I look more like I could belong to the African Caribbean society than the other
people that I rocked up with
and I remember a particularly interesting meeting with the student
union which is sort of like you know student government in U.K. terms having to explain
like how islands are different we don't necessarily have
the same commonalities like an entire continent on a couple of islands.
So you know those are fun times when I first woke up in class people were surprised.
Like I am Hello mouthy right now it was like a me
talking and I
would run for things in student government and get really involved as you don't call as I can people be like.
But your
persona haven't happened.
Soft bigotry of low expectations are right on like interesting interesting and my favorite
the anecdote I always tell and will never forget is I met and there was a like a Japanese girl in one of
my classes and she's like where you from the Caribbean I could see like the blackness of the state like I was in even a region
that
registered and so trying to explain in conceptualizing like you know what kind of native
Venezuela are in the Caribbean ocean.
So do you speak for Con Man United.
That's why
my love I believe I know the answer you seek Asian let
me let me know that if you re going to filling in someone
else but it was you know it was a reminder that you know I'm from the small asylum but I still know a
reasonable amount about the world maybe because I'm from inside the little island but it was it was really just
running smack into perceptions of myself that had that were being imposed on me that I didn't I
wasn't exposed to before and it was weird
and so when you're doing all this hiring for like your news team or just like all the
projects you're part of like how do you think about the people you're bringing
in. Well you also tweet a lot
about. They like that so I think that's where
my
rants about hiring volume five. So I'm going to
use a soccer. Plus football analogy here
because one of the things I think about is how do you create a team
that wants to be a team and not just a collection of superstars. You know so it's like Real Madrid
versus Basel where both of you know it's kind of like there are people on who play festival so who
are individual geniuses. But collectively
like it's a different level right and I try very hard to make
sure that each individual person I'm hiring has unique
strengths but are A and crucially not an asshole and be like
additive to the team so they're bringing something that the team lacks but they're also
bringing themselves as a person and identity. Who's going to like make the entire team
better
and you know it is so so important not just to assume that
because you come from a minority you have no like biases. I think everybody
has implicit and explicit things that were just like you know and sometimes we
don't interrogate like where those reservations are coming
from and so that's like that's another thing I'm really sensitive to which is that I don't want
to you know be lazy about my hiring because I'm like I'm brown I'll make more evolved decisions or
I'm a woman only more involve decisions like
I'm like not true I'm a mom I disagree.
And so I try to be really really thoughtful and I try to have systems in place to like check any implicit biases that
I might have in every stage of my hair and process. What do you think are them like the
most I don't know
like the things people are doing wrong in the hiring like the most egregious thing where just one
begin on your end on the higher end and the application
and there are a couple things that are really consistent one is. People don't know that when somebody posts a
job description. What they're trying to do is solve a specific problem rather trying
to find skills that their team doesn't have the company doesn't have and really what they're asking
for when you're applying is. How can you help me solve this problem not how are you like the most
amazing creature that ever walked the earth. So I'll get tons of cover letters that are like I am exceptionally well to
this position because I have a
degree like cool. What do you know about what
I'm trying to
do and how can you articulate That's right. One of the things that definitely bothers me and is very
gendered is the way women present their accomplishments real women
prisoner complex money latter on the IRA So I'll give you three
examples. Two of the people on my team are trying to like so we're hiring in London New York
and L.A. and one of the we want team to set up a system where like
for interview somebody could say hey I would like a thirty minute slot to talk to you are like a sixty minute slot to
talk to every single dude sixty
Minutes. Why every single one thirty
minutes and they were sent the same email
and went for all the time
like one example. Another example is that when it comes to talking about
their achievements. You know and like broad generalisations a lot of the series of scene from
women with extremely impressive histories will say things like
I contributed to more i really helped with or you know like my team did as
opposed to like I led this project that was amazing. Like I built this thing from scratch and all the dudes who might have
been you know associates or whatever I was like because of me single
handedly all by myself in the back to the mind what
I was like What is the social a vision process that we go to where we have we're taught to
like shrink from the things that we have achieved on it from
the D.L.
girl Patrick the
no we can't go make the film we see it's
good you can have the fish on
the successful THE you for the
last and then the third is like the follow up. So if I then.
Thoughtfully worded rejection email to a dude my guy you know visibly It's like
you're making a mistake.
Oh my God or like Harold actually said
Oh I
think not
only did this person essentially insinuates that I had no idea what I was doing done like send an
email to
Ben the other soul is not
God like you know I really
think only my really in your my home in
the man I can currently have you had a similar experience for us right. I
was hiring and he was it's like it was immediate within like the first day he
got the ball that was all the applications I got there be people who are like who had
incredible resumes and be super self-effacing and like I'm like Girl you're great right and
then dude's who had like nothing in there as me like brother
and I are you
know. Yeah I'm with him
and everything to me and this is like what I mean one of many reasons that I wanted to have you want to
show because I know it is what I thought it was in him but see this I think this is
like legitimately the first time that I worked a job where there were like black women like
in charge of
shit yeah laughs I mean like yeah I don't want to do that until to black women who
like get to hire people that whole I being new to my own
voice in me. Typically like my background as far as office work goes on like the
administrative person so I like you know I'm not looped in meetings
and so I've never had any physical visual examples
of black women or even brown women that young women of brown
women empowered to know that first of all like it's even possible. You know what I mean.
And then like
how to navigate these spaces when it comes to like having
to negotiate for things in the workplace and like when you're talking about like how women present
their accomplishments. That's a thing as I literally do not know how to do you know what I mean like
you're talking to people have to be like Hey remind him that you're the
shit if you were. And they would expect you to say and I mean if it's something that I have
to be so conscious of doing. You know there's a saying which has become increasingly popular which is you
know you can't be what you can't see and it's just it's just so important just the
mass site of a woman who looks like you doing things that you aspire to yeah
it's kind of like transformational the cellular
level that is so macho that's been going around with
my friends is carry yourself with the confidence of a mediocre white man.
Oh my god that's how we live and you can.
Says the most important impact I think of everything that you have to go.
For brown women who has gone through life working jobs where she
has seen no representation of herself in positions that she may want one day but she doesn't know if she
can like attain it if she's like worth it or anything like what tips would you give
that woman as far as like how to secure these positions just like
I don't know what the general advocating for years yeah. There you go there you go.
I mean before any of that is know why you want it right. So
whenever you're thinking about like I want to be doing this is it because other people are doing it is because other people say you should be
doing is this something that you know like fundamentally inside something that you want to
do so last week Misty Copeland was you know recognized for her
considerable Belasik talents and she became the first black
female principal soloist falling down so
that you know I got all the I'll just
let the American like Valley it is a she was quoted by The New York Times
as
saying one of the things that she you know was worried about is that if she didn't get to that promotion.
People there wouldn't be another ballerina like her generation and they would you know and
nobody would be there to inspire young black girls who wanted to be bullied ounces. They would
never see somebody who looked like them on the
stage what she struck out was really interesting which is that sometimes you feel like you have
to do things. That you don't even want to just so other
people from which this is
loosely you go to like a lot of conferences and panels Yeah you know
it's like that emotional labor of representing
all this is the number one reason I do panels that you like is something
that was happening when he was on the chair right like never being able to just be like that guy and the kind I'm talking about
is kind to me I think one thousand nine hundred eighty.
This was the counter. Yeah right
off that. Yeah. When you are the only one of your THE FIRST ONE TO you're one of very few you sort of feel like I got to do this thing
that I bring my A
game like everybody else and they
was like you're you know a standard is being satins like maybe the next time somebody who sees somebody looks like you they be like
oh yeah we should give them a chance because that other one was all the really good
and so knowing what your motivations are super important and
then there was almost always a community that you can find enjoying that will support
you and that I think is something superimportant like even if you feel like it's only you. You know like
when I
was vivre own person in my philosophy class was
like there must be other people in the bank and you you go and you find
them and like sometimes in the lab or in the reading the same booking just like happened as a
narrative like are you in that other Jews are
always talk about pleasing the
thing you have to be willing to be vulnerable which is sometimes at odds with having like a path
to be about us all the
time where those things are really in contradiction and then remembering that this is
hard right this is hard like being the under represented under represented person
being the being the minority being from the person from a background not like
anybody else's you run into things the micro Gresham's like
the like the invisible the code of conduct and nobody told you about the rules that everybody else is playing by that you're
not privy to this is hard and is exhausting and it will stress you out and that is a
totally legitimate response and you have to not be so hard on yourself when you're like am I doing
everything wrong like I don't understand why is it so hard it is hard because it is hard and not because you are like
not good at
the crash. I don't have to worry about our
Rio I feel like
every single woman I know of Buzz Feed looks to you as a mentor.
Well if you're not that much by absolutely
everybody but you feel
like you have had mentors or you have mentors in your life now.
I definitely have sought them out you know I mean not in the like will you be my
mental mentor. Yeah and I am I you know I like
look at how amazing you are like I get to work with you
the ever before it was about me when I was like the being
of the Financial Times over seven hundred years
including the well I'm not so much now are they so funny I don't
mean that I mean to make this kind of I know I'm so I think you know I think it's
really important not to think of a mentor as somebody who you see as being like on a different level as you but somebody
with different experiences from you who might be doing something completely
different and the path of them entering is super important and different from just like supporting each other
because you need a support network but you also need people who call you on your shit. Yeah.
You could have done that better yet. Here's how you can have a lot situation next time.
Now let's go for a
drink get the the list please never leave.
Obviously
we could is hard for you forever and just like let you teach us how the world
had how to do being a black girl please I
will any time the students will
go down like a nice little Abby honestly I tell you Jim It's flowing
in a few pew pew pew pew.
Oh it was. So in our last
episode when we had crossed the line. I saw Peter people were angry that we didn't ask her
about
coral I was like I realize you were so wedded to that
question that we will never make that mistake the sorrow.
They see Mary you know how do you feel about. So I have this hierarchy of awful
creatures feeling like at the
top in terms of like worst most awful I will move like rats.
OK in third position pigeons.
You know I'm rockin wings I'm not taking it like Cousin
propagandas was like in between the rats
and pigeons or squirrels. OK. Their answer their answer. I mean it's kind
of I Still pigeon just give no shit no. OK. Not today on the go should
I get my chain like you do your refrigerator ketchup I make my own
gadget. I don't even live in one and
I'm I mean I
know.
It's one of those things I realize like the return on investment of my hearing I was negative because I think like
a thousand million hours. He blew it up to me
so is very soothing and I'll bring you home from GOD HE'S
A Do I want to remain to be refrigerated Yes because there are no preservatives in my
I didn't look around for the quick yes just so much I don't
know that.
I did not think we'd get better
and. What are some fruits you'd rather have in
the Caribbean than in America
mangoes and knew you were going to see me you know I mean I think there is no other
fruit that's true you're right. We don't think about their fruit so it's become a
god so you are a dance hall D.J. in a former life who tell you some
research I waste Sinestro what that
was the name but was it repeated it was the just an extra
because I'm left
handed and I'm a super nerd and like the Latin for left handed
is
Sinestro my God but I don't see this issue and it's a sin because you know
while I could not just
like coming out the Jason my head
my favorite genre of your tweets are like. You complaining about
the anthology didn't have a Sean Paul and the better I mean I'm
not acceptable if I had gone like you had some good
songs by the two thousand and you're
livin
my goodness favorite song to wind.
Who what year. Let me in the year of your preference. So I never actually liked so
the whole Does he wind genre was just too
violent for me is a lie a lie you like it like you will stab and situated
in the sun and now I know why you're not really my
scene in about a couple of years I have like I
have feelings about Marshall Manzano. But I really like the soca song that he came up with
called the happiest man alive because it just has it's
really like this one kind of uptempo But as with all so comedic there like
to see you doing the slow wind. Or you
actually like John and the people at the B.B.C. on the moon.
If you like but are
you going to be a foreigner like somebody through
the this is
so I wish you killed a man or no I feel like we should have like a recurring
segment like this in a corner. He says Oh interesting or like a special safeties if
I could never Garrison we're going to need three
very beginning before you say it. Thank you so much for joining us.
Well we've got some things to come out at here. Yes So download the Buzz Feed news up for
us all the Android people it's not that I don't love using Android is really hard coming out in the
fall and I mean the market audience for this app is really great guys I'm writing is my themes also
I'm thinking buzzy dot com flash news app awesome Can you open the world
and follow a theater. Yes and it's for him and
his bride team understorey we follow her process I repeat my read my
dash all the shit that's popping off and diversity already
quote unquote You can hear the air but yeah I mean are you like when Facebook hired
seven black
people who like weening electively I'm sure we know all of them not the rap Let's hear
it for those who don't know
the Facebook recently released some of their diversity numbers and if it turns out they
hired seven black people into two thousand thirteen out of like one thousand two hundred it is a new
day think that seven black and when we know four of them is what
we learned to the computer we were like oh my god I'm going out
anyways follow safety really and upgrade your life
and file updates but you don't come across news up yet so thank you so much for gracing us with
your present
that you want the you got the book
on the spot
but
the book
even though I would love to continue documentation regret
ever and we need to buy this around because people need some drinks. OK.
Who even after I have it. I went to Boston to visit my friend my friend the
Maca I love like the one of the paper. So
I'm going to buy around for him even though you guys are known him but let me tell you all Osama is about America.
So
America went to this like really like bougie private school in
Boston or in Massachusetts not in Boston proper and it's like
the fancy private schools where like Mitt Romney's children probably go over some shit but he
went there on scholarship and after he graduated college he went back because he just saw
so many problems and how it was done and like just all this shit need to be
fixed every institution I've been a part of like that is like
fuck y'all listening on the blood line like I'm having even I think more you never see me ever again good
luck to you say what he was
saying it wasn't even just that. Like he's good for the job because he's
great but like someone has to do it he has like this.
African-American studies class that he's introduced to this
white ass school and I'm like I'm not just saying that because He added My Conny essay
to this little bit.
Oh my gosh I want to let you know I thought they did you know in sex and well you guys
are wondering my Canisius called In Defense of Kanye West. No But
also he is leaving this is his last year there and I think
it's so
hard to know when to leave a place. Listen Or
like when to know your energy is just like being sucked out. So he's leaving
because he's unhappy there. It's just hit a wall with like how much work he can do. Yeah like his
classes poppin like they're now like oh we need to have these classes like there's you know like he's doing well
but like there's only so much you can give of yourself to institutions
like this loser like doesn't drink they never lie when he said. You know all these niggas trying
to drain me of my energy. Well actually Drake has lied you know like that right.
He said I like my girl B.T.W.. That bitch where
Anyway it's around for him but around for like everyone was like I don't have to be a part of
this like I do my own cool dope shit right. I don't need your cosign I don't need to do like
any official things like you should all my you know.
Yes sometimes like the analogy that I always use in a situation is. If feels like I'm pushing against a brick
wall big xylene I'm going to move and I'm going to stay here and like break my elbow which I needed to
move or I can go to some else. Yeah. A real fire Mecca.
I got enemies got a lot of enemies got a lot of people trying to train me and it's been a
change trying to change the way it from a new succulent a kid it
greatly and they
go about around
forty
buying around for the entire air bad boy family
nineteen nine before the two thousand.
And when one to the Golden
Age an era of bad boy. Yeah.
So last week the BT or so on in they did a bad boys review.
Yeah me and I have never been so
dry by
the. Left dad
was on thank you didn't Bobby you know Mays came out rapping off about
you like you know like a red led to the summit and I had like the the
big
shiny mirrored room that they were in with one video. Momentum
of problems faced with on stage when the well came out and then in the middle
of all this the floor
opens up and up levitate Kimberly Jonas I thought
OK a little Kim
left I was at work there was like a small team of us that were covering to be feel
that covering the beads you were a real country
sorry I'm excited because I had
that
many injury it was just got up all around the room was
like a magnet in the
face of the home because they only seem on the mark to deny
I called two zero zero zero. Welcome you
all had so many bangers so much good music
and I mean this was in like remakes is where X. will remake No I like
that sound like completely different song so I reread and
married a black hat an entire remakes album. Well
and I'm thinking maybe now because you know I mean
the music was so good also
faith in Merkin were on the same stage with the reconciliation like it's either live with you
happy and now like I want to listen to nothing but bad boy for that so
far and do a
little Harlem Shake. Yes yes go ahead with oh no G. dip somewhere. But.
Everybody from who was just making hit after hit after hit bad
boy Daddy I know you want to something's right man may or may not
have so little league coach or some shit yeah but that is sad.
You can't have made a huge contribution to my life to society.
Please have
a drink some black people and we were yes just wondering in passing around that I feel
like every culture has their hold true yes you definitely do it's our
entire
day. But I can't do
either so anyways so it's about
boys shut out said bad about
poor. Me itself
naming C S P's I'm so
good so much.
She just she just laughed
because we didn't
begin
to feel like we had to
have their hard to get special fucking shot it's the same reason they
will feel better after listening to her speak and I don't know what to tell you I mean I'm going to go bag over do
something I want to give her a book deal like I don't I don't have a big deal to give her anyway I want to
figure it
out she could do self-help. There's always much like in the Twitter
relationship gurus some people like all
of the data call it like lean in shit like I don't want to hear that I want to
hear shots of the pawed
School of
Law that Julia for on the market and
I was burned out.
Thanks to our stand in Paul today pollens and I hear that we have David and his dad.
David has sleeves on you know it's one really positive thing right.
The Jasmine but I feel like we got through it I guess as a team they really I thought
what have you. Thanks to the people who are responsible for the dope and music. And you hear every
episode that is done will of the Almighty Morgan you can follow him
and Gingrich who tweet as
Jeanne greedy just released two years ago
marching to one project blow me up by
everything and I thought damn one of them is full of baby making music.
The title is
called which I think is the way to phase six. It's billed as
a Sex and the fact that there
is a rap album if you're more interactive and you don't like them to make babies and
it is your prerogative. And I could not judge you caught I swear to God which
I
love phantom Google amid all that just because no
one fact Eric I swear to God the weather guide likes water. Yes
it's in a sigh one way.
As W E E A C E R G A W
D a lot and I already know if many people I mean that's
what she's great she's so paging I don't
go in Mrs come back come thing some more casual Negro people miss
you also said at last the House has said to the truth. She
can follow heaven on Twitter at seven P.M. That's heaven with a man in a room somewhere.
I love
saying I love to see it and follow. Still the best Twitter name dot
com broke on my poverty
day
by
somebody
serious do you have a good blooper this episode.
Well we were we were rolling
when God it was so crazy man upon in the wild.
Would you like to recreate it really quickly become a lesser
evil. So I have a glass in my hand and which in turn can
Tracy that's not how it went Oh it was or it was on your glossary. Oh this.
It's this
it's Abraham Lincoln or. More like Abraham
during a
good
man going well but a lot of trees you know. Thank you
for indulge God bless your part and call your mom by ignored to know
all of the candidates and ever do that call your mom loved respond.
Yeah I think the
matter.